1.	Similar e-learning platform: Coursera URL: https://www.coursera.org/ Coursera is an American massive open online course platform. It works with university and other organization to offer online courses, certification and degrees. The courses offered are usually 4-12 weeks long and 2-3hours per week. During the learning, there are quizzes, assignments, tests and even project provided. Also, options for free courses and more professional courses with certifications are both available for users to choose. The courses offered are more professionally and academically oriented. Platform itself is aiming for users who seek for better career path. the main users could be the employee who already has a job but not satisfied with it. They may want promotion or a better job. However, for our platform, a newly developed platform, it provides general and practical courses for beginners who are new to the job market. The size of labor market is massive. There are sufficient users and profits for Coursera so that it does not need to focus on the other portion of the labor force. Aiming for one specific direction would be enough for one single company. Hence, our project platform would take care of the other portion of labor force and prepare them better for labor market.
2.	Similar community platform: LinkedIn URL:https://www.linkedin.com/ LinkedIn is an employment-oriented online service platform for professional networking. Employers can post jobs and workers can post their cover letters. It also allows members to create profiles and “connection” to each other. The profiles include important information like university and former working experience, so that “connection” can made from it. LinkedIn builds connection for job seekers and job providers. Its field is for official and paid jobs. It provides interaction between the users, which is rare compared to other job seeking website. The company’s revenue comes from selling information access of its members to recruiters. However, LinkedIn does not provide partner profile creations (investors, service providers, corporations). Our platform allows partners to build up their profiles, so that companies can see the information of the partners conveniently and seek for investors on the platform.

As our project U-Impactify is a platform combined function of e-learning and community, users for this platform have multiple choices to made. The user can study, teach, do charity, pose job and seek job in just one single platform.

